[Studios] Doc style and structure improvements (#847)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-25.2/studios/add-studio.md

:::note
- If you're not able to see the Studios tab, contact your Platform adminstrator.
- Review the user roles documentation for details about role permissions.
- The following functionality is available to users with the **Maintain** role and above.
:::

Users with the **Maintain** role and above can add Studios via the **Studios** tab in your workspace. Select **Add Studio** to get started.

## Compute and Data

- **Resource labels**: Any [resource label](../labels/overview) already defined for the compute environment is added by default. adfdAdditional custom resource labels can be added or removed as needed.
- **CPUs allocated**: The default allocation is 2 CPUs.
- **GPUs allocated**: Available only if the selected compute environment has GPU support enabled. For more information about GPUs on AWS, see [Amazon ECS task definitions for GPU workloads][aws-gpu]. The default allocation is 0 GPUs.
- **Maximum memory allocated**: The default allocation is 8192 MiB of memory.
   
### Mount data

Select **Mount data**, and then from the **Mount data** modal, select data to mount. Select **Mount data** to confirm your selection.

> Datasets are mounted using the [Fusion file system](https://docs.seqera.io/fusion) and are available at `/workspace/data/<dataset>`. Mounted data doesn't need to match the compute environment or region of the cloud provider of the Studio. However, this might cause increased costs or errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data repositories are mounted using the [Fusion file system](https://docs.seqera.io/fusion) and are available at `/workspace/data/<data_repository>`. Mounted data doesn't need to match the compute environment or region of the cloud provider of the Studio. However, this might cause increased costs or errors.
```
